# damessenjah.github.io
Storytold (Construction)

Journey into the future and realize how your faith today impacts tomorrow.  Journey into the past and discover lessons that should be remembered.  Dive into theology to see how deep yours may be.  Dig deep and uncover theological nuggets like never before.  “The Next Genesis” is the beginning for you to stand in the eternal and realize eternity itself is insufficient for you to understand the depths of who God is.  “Stories From Eternity [TM]” are short stories driving home a main point in each book with the setting of the books being Eternity Future and life in the New Jerusalem.  What is important for you to understand now is that “Stories From Eternity [TM] is the overarching media, Tales of the Storytellers [TM] is the first series in the media, and The Next Genesis is the first book.  The Next Genesis follows a fictional team as they delve deeper into truth making their discoveries by reflecting on the past.  Yet when reflecting on the past they are given fresh insight into the Spiritual Warfare that was taking place.  What the team had in common in their First Order was though they were from different eras they all had the same guardian angel - who knows them well.  The Next Genesis answers the question “Why is Hell eternal?”  The tales are written in such a way that if you are seeking entertainment then read on and enjoy, but if you want to dive deep into theology then take the time to reflect.  There may be new theological thoughts for many readers but this is fiction and not prophetic.  I present certain subjects (young earth, spiritual realm, etc.) in such a way that demonstrates a plausible explanation, but it is not intended to be factual.  Never confuse what is Biblical (Abrahamic Covenant, the Lord is my Shepherd, etc.) with what is theological (Calvinism, Soteriology, etc.).  Everything must be examined against scriptures.  The past is history.  The future is potential.  “Now” is all that there is of time.  If you don’t believe, then read for yourself.
